Damn, why did big brother suddenly come back?
Big brother.
Look what he did.
Violating family rules to support your lover
Allows him to pretend to be the daughter of Shure, the richest man.
Boss, I've taken care of that house.
If he doesn't cuckold you, you'll be everywhere.
The face of a good uncle.
The ground is full of garlic.
Don't think I don't know.
Over the years.
See how much you have.
Sir, how do you know?
Is he following me?
So this time he returned.
I'm afraid he just wants to hit me.
Why don't you let me do it first?
All your family's assets are mine.
All.
Originally, the property belonged to the big brother.
Of course it's for my daughter.
Big brother only needs to stay for one day
I am the younger brother.
There should absolutely not be this undivided thinking.
Okay, I know it's okay.
Big brother.
Go to hell with peace of mind
You are kind of fake, the position is mine.
Dad.
Dad, what's wrong with you?